In general, being a relay for an anonymous network, such as TOR, is considered legal in the US. Complications arise when the relay is an exit node because all Tor users take on the IP addresses of their exit node and as a result, it is highly probable that an exit node will be used at some point for illegal purposes.
For exit node operators in the US, the Tor network allows the operators to adopt a reduced exit policy which is simply a configuration of the exit node "whereby it will only deliver data to specified ports in the Internet, and the ports are selected as those that will not deliver to sites that allow illegal file sharing." For those that are not using a reduced exit policy, it is vital to be aware of the legal implications surrounding exit nodes.
For example, The Protection of Children Against Sexual Exploitation Act prohibits the interstate transportation, distribution and receipt of visual images of child pornography “by any means including by computer.” However, the Supreme Court, in United States v. X-Citement Video, Inc., held that distribution entities must have specific knowledge of the pornographic images for the entity to be held liable under this statute. Since an exit node passes decrypted data, it is hard to prove that an exit node knowingly distributed such content and hence, according to Electronic Frontier Foundation(EFF), should not be held liable. 
In response to the copyright issues that arose as a result of the emerging popularity of file-sharing on the Internet, Congress enacted the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) in 1998. Because Tor can be used to facilitate the transfer of copyrighted files without detection, exit Nodes can be theoretically subjected to DMCA laws. The most likely theory to apply DMCA liability to Tor node operators is the theory of contributory infringement, which states that a developer “knowingly” and “materially” facilitated the distribution of the copyright material. The best way for a Tor exit node to safeguard themselves against DMCA liabilities is to apply provisions set out in 17 U.S.C. §512(a). This provision states that an ISP can be held liable for copyright infringment if the ISP: (1) possesses the right and ability to supervise the infringing conduct and (2) has an obvious and direct financial interest in the exploitation of the copyrighted materials. Tor exit nodes, on the other hand, gain no financial incentives with the "explotation of copyrighted material" but as a matter of fact, incur costs in the form of reduced internet speed and bandwith and processing time when running a relay node. In essense, Tor networks are likely entitiled to safe harbor under the DMCA. 
Finally, the First Amendmenet is also vital in safeguarding exit nodes against litigations and prosecutions from the US government. The Supreme Court has been consistently protecting anonymous free speech. The legality of the anonymity networks centers on whether or not there must always be a way to identify a speaker. "Just as the First Amendment protects a right to speak, so also, it protects the right to be silent and refrain from speaking." "Speaking" can most definitely be extended to the act of transferring data and information. While individuals have a First Amendment right to anonymous speech on the Internet, that right is subject to limitation. There are two substantial limitations to the First Amendment’s protections. First, the First Amendment only protects against invasive or coercive governmental activities. This means that if a relay node who was served a DMCA notice voluntarily relinquishes information concerning a users’ identity, there are few protections available. Second,  anonymous speech remains subject to certain limitations such as "fighting words, incitement, defamation, and obscene speech are all unprotected categories of speech." Furthermore, not all speech equally implicates First Amendment protections. For instance, when Internet users share files, the First Amendment interest implicated is minimal, since file-sharers’ ultimate aim is not to communicate a thought or convey an idea, but rather to obtain copyrighted music or movies for without cost. As a result, so long as the anonymous network is used for expressive activity, it is protected under the First Ammendment.
